O the splendour of our joy, woven of gold in thesilken air!
Here is our pleasant house and its airy gables,and the garden and the orchard.
Here is the bench beneath the apple-trees, whencethe white spring is shed in slow, caressingpetals.
Here flights of luminous wood-pigeons, likeharbingers, soar in the clear sky of thecountryside.
Here, kisses fallen upon earth from the mouth ofthe frail azure, are two blue ponds, simple andpure, artlessly bordered with involuntary flowers.
O the splendour of our joy and of ourselves inthis garden where we live upon our emblems.
Although we saw this bright garden, wherein wepass silently, flower before our eyes, it israther in us that grows the pleasantest andfairest garden in the world.
For we live all the flowers, all the plants andall the grasses in our laughter and our tears ofpure and calm happiness.
For we live all the transparencies of the bluepond that reflects the rich growths of the goldenroses and the great vermilion lilies, sun-lipsand mouths.
For we live all joy, thrown out in the criesof festival and spring of our avowals, whereinheartfelt and uplifting words sing side by side.
Oh! is it not indeed in us that grows thepleasantest and the gladdest garden in the world?
This barbaric capital, whereon monsters writhe,soldered together by the might of claw and tooth,in a mad whirl of blood, of fiery cries, ofwounds, and of jaws that bite and bite again,
This was myself before you were mine, you who arenew and old, and who, from the depths of youreternity, came to me with passion and kindness inyour hands.
I feel the same deep, deep things sleeping in youas in me, and our thirst for remembrance drink upthe echo in which our pasts answer each to each.
Our eyes must have wept at the same hours,without our knowing, during childhood, have hadthe same terrors, the same happinesses, the sameflashes of trust;
For I am bound to you by the unknown that watchedme of old down the avenues through which myadventurous life passed; and, indeed, if I hadlooked more closely, I might have seen, long ago,within its eyes your own eyes open.
The sky has unfolded into night, and the moonseems to watch over the sleeping silence.
All is so pure and clear; all is so pure and sopale in the air and on the lakes of the friendlycountryside, that there is anguish in the fallfrom a reed of a drop of water, that tinkles andthen is silent in the water.
But I have your hands between mine and yoursteadfast eyes that hold me so gently with theirearnestness; and I feel that you are so much atpeace with everything that nothing, not even afleeting suspicion of fear, will overcast, be itbut for a moment, the holy trust that sleeps inus as an infant rests.
Each hour I brood upon your goodness, so simplein its depth, I lose myself in prayers to you.
I came so late towards the gentleness of youreyes, and from so far towards your two handsstretched out quietly over the wide spaces.
I had in me so much stubborn rust that gnawed myconfidence with its ravenous teeth.
I was so heavy, was so tired, I was so old withmisgiving.
I was so heavy, I was so tired of the vain roadof all my footsteps.
I deserved so little the wondrous joy of seeingyour feet illuminate my path that I am stilltrembling and almost in tears, and humble, forever and ever, before my happiness.
Sometimes you wear the kindly grace of the gardenin early morning that, quiet and winding, unfoldsin the blue distances its pleasant paths, curvedlike the necks of swans.
And, at other times, you are for me the brightthrill of the swift, exalting wind that passeswith its lightning fingers through the waterymane of the white pond.
At the good touch of your two hands, I feel asthough leaves were caressing me lightly; and,when midday burns the garden, the shadows at oncegather up the dear words with which your beingtrembled.
Thus, thanks to you, each moment seems to pass inme divinely; so, at the hour of wan night, whenyou hide within yourself, shutting your eyes, youfeel my gentle, devout gaze, humbler and longerthan a prayer, thank yours beneath your closedeyelids.
Oh! let the passing hand knock with its futilefingers on the door; our hour is so unique, andthe rest--what matters the rest with its futilefingers?
Let dismal, tiresome joy keep to the road andpass on with its rattles in its hand.
Let laughter swell and clatter and die away; letthe crowd pass with its thousands of voices.
The moment is so lovely with light in the gardenabout us; the moment is so rare with virgin lightin our heart deep down in us.
Everything tells us to expect nothing more fromthat which comes or passes, with tired songs andweary arms, on the roads,
And to remain the meek who bless the day, evenwhen night is before us barricaded with darkness,loving in ourselves above all else the idea that,gently, we conceive of our love.
As in the simple ages, I have given you my heart,like a wide-spreading flower that opens pure andlovely in the dewy hours; within its moist petalsmy lips have rested.
The flower, I gathered it with fingers of flame;say nothing to it: for all words are perilous; itis through the eyes that soul listens to soul.
The flower that is my heart and my avowalconfides in all simplicity to your lips that itis loyal, bright and good, and that we trust invirgin love as a child trusts in God.
Leave wit to flower on the hills in freakishpaths of vanity; and let us give a simple welcometo the sincerity that holds our two true heartswithin its crystalline hands;
Nothing is so lovely as a confession of soulsone to the other, in the evening, when the flameof the uncountable diamonds burns like so manysilent eyes the silence of the firmaments.
Young and kindly spring who clothes our gardenwith beauty makes lucid our voices and words, andsteeps them in his limpidity.
The breeze and the lips of the leaves babble,and slowly shed in us the syllables of theirbrightness.
But the best in us turns away and flees materialwords; a mute and mild and simple rapture, betterthan all speech, moors our happiness to its trueheaven:
The rapture of your soul, kneeling in allsimplicity before mine, and of my soul, kneelingin gentleness before yours.
Come with slow steps and sit near the gardenbed,whose flowers of tranquil light are shut byevening; let the great night filter through you:we are too happy for our prayer to be disturbedby its sea of dread.
Above, the pure crystal of the stars is lit up;behold the firmament clearer and more translucentthan a blue pond or the stained-glass windowin an apse; and then behold heaven that gazesthrough.
The thousand voices of the vast mystery speakaround you; the thousand laws of all nature arein movement about you; the silver bows of theinvisible take your soul and its fervour fortarget,
But you are not afraid, oh! simple heart, youare not afraid, since your faith is that thewhole earth works in harmony with that love thatbrought forth in you life and its mystery.
Clasp then your hands tranquilly, and adoregently; a great counsel of purity floats likea strange dawn beneath the midnights of thefirmament.
How readily delight is aroused in her, with hereyes of fiery ecstasy, she who is gentle andresigned before life in so simple a fashion.
This evening, how a look surprised her fervourand a word transported her to the pure garden ofgladness, where she was at once both queen andservant.
Humble of herself, but aglow with our two selves,she vied with me in kneeling to gather thewondrous happiness that overflowed mutually fromour hearts.
We listened to the dying down in us of theviolence of the exalting love imprisoned in ourarms, and to the living silence that said wordswe did not know.
At the time when I had long suffered and thehours were snares to me, you appeared to me asthe welcoming light that shines from the windowson to the snow in the depths of winter evenings.
The brightness of your hospitable soul touched myheart lightly without wounding it, like a hand oftranquil warmth.
Then came a holy trust, and an open heart, andaffection, and the union at last of our twoloving hands, one evening of clear understandingand of gentle calm.
Since then, although summer has followed frostboth in ourselves and beneath the sky whoseeternal flames deck with gold all the paths ofour thoughts;
And although our love has become an immenseflower, springing from proud desire, that everbegins anew within our heart, to grow yet better;
I still look back on the small light that wassweet to me, the first.
And what matters the wherefores and the reasons,and who we were and who we are; all doubt is deadin this garden of blossoms that opens up in usand about us, so far from men.
I do not argue, and do not desire to know, andnothing will disturb what is but mystery andgentle raptures and involuntary fervour andtranquil soaring towards our heaven of hope.
I feel your brightness before understanding thatyou are so; and it is my gladness, infinitely, toperceive myself thus gently loving without askingwhy your voice calls me.
Let us be simple and good--and day be minister oflight and affection to us; and let them say thatlife is not made for a love like ours.
In my dreams, I sometimes pair you with thosequeens who slowly descend the golden, floweredstairways of legend; I give you names that aremarried with beauty, splendour and gladness, andthat rustle in silken syllables along versesbuilt as a platform for the dance of words andtheir stately pageantries.
But how quickly I tire of the game, seeing yougentle and wise, and so little like those whoseattitudes men embellish.
Your brow, so shining and pure and white withcertitude, your gentle, childlike hands peacefulupon your knees, your breasts rising and fallingwith the rhythm of your pulse that beats likeyour immense, ingenuous heart,
Oh! how everything, except that and your prayer,oh! how everything is poor and empty, except thelight that gazes at me and welcomes me in yournaked eyes.
I dedicate to your tears, to your smile, mygentlest thoughts, those I tell you, those alsothat remain undefined and too deep to tell.
I dedicate to your tears, to your smile, to yourwhole soul, my soul, with its tears and itssmiles and its kiss.
See, the dawn whitens the ground that is thecolour of lees of wine; shadowy bonds seem toslip and glide away with melancholy; the waterof the ponds grows bright and sifts its noise;the grass glitters and the flowers open, and thegolden woods free themselves from the night.
Oh! what if we could one day enter thus into thefull light; oh, what if we could one day, withconquering cries and lofty prayers, with no moreveils upon us and no more remorse in us, oh! whatif we could one day enter together into lucidlove.
I drown my entire soul in your two eyes, andthe mad rapture of that frenzied soul, so that,having been steeped in their gentleness andprayer, it may be returned to me brighter and oftruer temper.
O for a union that refines the being, as twogolden windows in the same apse cross theirdifferently lucent fires and interpenetrate!
I am sometimes so heavy, so weary of being onewho cannot be perfect, as he would! My heartstruggles with its desires, my heart whose evilweeds, between the rocks of stubbornness, rearslyly their inky or burning flowers;
My heart, so false, so true, as the day may be,my contradictory heart, my heart ever exaggeratedwith immense joy or with criminal fear.
To love with our eyes, let us lave our gaze ofthe gaze of those whose glances we have crossed,by thousands, in life that is evil and enthralled.
The dawn is of flowers and dew and the mildestsifted light; soft plumes of silver and sun seemthrough the mists to brush and caress the mossesin the garden.
Our blue and marvellous ponds quiver and come tolife with shimmering gold; emerald wings passunder the trees; and the brightness sweeps fromthe roads, the garths and the hedges the dampashen fog in which the twilight still lingers.
In the garden of our love, summer still goeson: yonder, a golden peacock crosses an avenue;petals--pearls, emeralds, turquoises --deck theuniform slumber of the green swards.
Our blue ponds shimmer, covered with thewhite kiss of the snowy water-lilies; in thequincunxes, our currant bushes follow one anotherin procession; an iridescent insect teases theheart of a flower; the marvellous undergrowthsare veined with gleams; and, like light bubbles,a thousand bees quiver along the arbours over thesilver grapes.
The air is so lovely that it seems rainbow-hued;beneath the deep and radiant noons, it stirsas if it were roses of light; while, in thedistance, the customary roads, like slowmovements stretching their vermilion to thepearly horizon, climb towards the sun.
Indeed, the diamonded gown of this finesummer clothes no other garden with so pure abrightness. And the unique joy sprung up inour two hearts discovers its own life in theseclusters of flames.
May your bright eyes, your eyes of summer, be forme here on earth the images of goodness.
Let our enkindled souls clothe with gold eachflame of our thoughts.
May my two hands against your heart be for youhere on earth the emblems of gentleness.
Let us live like two frenzied prayers strainingat all hours one towards the other.
May our kisses on our enraptured mouths be for ushere on earth the symbols of our life.
Tell me, my simple and tranquil sweetheart, tellme how much an absence, even of a day, saddensand stirs up love, and reawakens it in all itssleeping scalds?
I go to meet those who are returning from thewondrous distances to which at dawn you went; Isit beneath a tree at a bend of the path, and, onthe road, watching their coming, I gaze and gazeearnestly at their eyes still bright with havingseen you.
And I would kiss their fingers that have touchedyou, and cry out to them words they would notunderstand; and I listen a long while to therhythm of their steps towards the shadow wherethe old evenings hold night prone.
During those hours wherein we are lost so farfrom all that is not ourselves, what lustralblood or what baptism bathes our hearts thatstrain towards all love?
Clasping our hands without praying, stretchingout our arms without crying aloud, but withearnest and ingenuous mind worshipping somethingfarther off and purer than ourselves, we know notwhat, how we blend with, how we live our livesin, the unknown.
How overwhelmed we are in the presence of thosehours of supreme existence; how the soul desiresheavens in which to seek for new gods.
Oh! the torturing and wondrous joy and the daringhope of being one day, across death itself, theprey of these silent terrors.
Oh! this happiness, sometimes so rare and frailthat it frightens us!
In vain we hush our voices, and make of all yourhair a tent to shelter us; often the anguish inour hearts flows over.
But our love, being like a kneeling angel, begsand supplicates that the future give to othersthan ourselves a like affection and life, so thattheir fate may not be envious of ours.
And, too, on evil days, when the great eveningsextend to heaven the bounds of despair, we askforgiveness of the night that kindles with thegentleness of our heart.
Let us, in our love and ardour, let us live soboldly our finest thoughts that they interweavein harmony with the supreme ecstasy and perfectfervour.
Because in our kindred souls something more holythan we and purer and greater awakens, let usclasp hands to worship it through ourselves.
It matters not that we have only cries or tearsto define it humbly, and that its charm is sorare and powerful that, in the enjoyment of it,our hearts are nigh to failing us.
Even so, let us remain, and for ever, the maddevotees of this almost implacable love, and thekneeling worshippers of the sudden God who reignsin us, so violent and so ardently gentle that hehurts and overwhelms us.
So soon as our lips touch, we feel so much moreluminous together that it would seem as thoughtwo Gods loved and united in us.
We feel our hearts to be so divinely fresh andso renewed by their virgin light that, in theirbrightness, the universe is made manifest to us.
In our eyes, joy is the only ferment of the worldthat ripens and becomes fruitful innumerably onour roads here below; as in clusters spring upamong the silken lakes on which sails travel themyriad blossoms of the stars above.
Order dazzles us as fire embers, everythingbathes us in its light and appears a torch to us:our simple words have a sense so lovely that werepeat them to hear them without end.
We are the sublime conquerors who vanquisheternity without pride and without a thought oftrifling time: and our love seems to us always tohave been.
To prevent the escape of any part of us from ourembrace that is so intense as to be holy, and tolet love shine clear through the body itself, wego down together to the garden of the flesh.
Your breasts are there like offerings and yourtwo hands are stretched out to me; and nothing isof so much worth as the simple provender of wordssaid and heard.
The shadow of the white boughs travels over yourneck and face, and your hair unloosens its bloomin garlands on the swards.
The night is all of blue silver; the night is alovely silent bed--gentle night whose breezes,one by one, will strip the great lilies erect inthe moonlight.
Although autumn this evening along the paths andthe woods' edges lets the leaves fall slowly likegilded hands;
Although autumn this evening with its arms ofwind harvests the petals and their pallor of theearnest rose-trees;
We shall let nothing of our two souls fallsuddenly with these flowers.
But before the flames of the golden hearth ofmemory, we will both crouch and warm our handsand knees.
To guard against the sorrows hidden in thefuture, against time that makes an end of allardour, against our terror and even againstourselves, we will both crouch near the hearththat our memory has lit up in us.
And if autumn involves the woods, the lawns andthe ponds in great banks of shadow and soaringstorms, at least its pain shall not disturb theinner quiet garden where the equal footsteps ofour thoughts walk together in the light.
The gift of the body when the soul is given isbut the accomplishment of two affections drawnheadlong one towards the other.
You are only happy in your body that is so lovelyin its native freshness because in all fervouryou may offer it to me wholly as a total alms.
And I give myself to you knowing nothing exceptthat I am greater by knowing you, who are everbetter and perhaps purer since your gentle bodyoffered its festival to mine.
Love, oh! let it be for us the sole discernmentand the sole reason of our heart, for us whosemost frenzied happiness is to be frenzied in ourtrust.
Was there in us one fondness, one thought, onegladness, one promise that we had not sown beforeour footsteps?
Was there a prayer heard in secret whose handsstretched out gently over our bosom we had notclasped?
Was there one appeal, one purpose, one tranquilor violent desire whose pace we had not quickened?
And each loving the other thus, our hearts wentout as apostles to the gentle, timid and chilledhearts of others;
And by the power of thought invited them tofeel akin to ours, and, with frank ardours, toproclaim love, as a host of flowers loves thesame branch that suspends and bathes it in thesun.
And our soul, as though made greater in thisawakening, began to celebrate all that loves,magnifying love for love's sake, and to cherishdivinely, with a wild desire, the whole worldthat is summed up in us.
The lovely garden blossoming with flames thatseemed to us the double or the mirror of thebright garden we carried in our hearts iscrystallized in frost and gold this evening.
A great white silence has descended and sitsyonder on the marble horizons, towards whichmarch the trees in files, with their blue,immense and regular shadow beside them.
No puff of wind, no breath. Alone, the greatveils of cold spread from plain to plain over thesilver marshes or crossing roads.
The stars appear to live. The hoar-frost shineslike steel through the translucent, frozen air.Bright powdered metals seem to snow down, in theinfinite distances, from the pallor of a coppermoon. Everything sparkles in the stillness.
And it is the divine hour when the mind ishaunted by the thousand glances that are castupon earth by kind and pure and unchangeableeternity towards the hazards of humanwretchedness.
If it should ever happen that, without ourknowledge, we became a pain or torment or despairone to the other;
If it should come about that weariness orhackneyed pleasure unbent in us the golden bow oflofty desire;
If the crystal of pure thought must fall in ourhearts and break;
If, in spite of all, I should feel myselfvanquished because I had not bowed my willsufficiently to the divine immensity of goodness;
Then, oh! then let us embrace like two sublimemadmen who beneath the broken skies cling to thesummits even so--and with one flight and soulablaze grow greater in death.THE HOURS OF AFTERNOON
Step by step, day by day, age has come and placedhis hands upon the bare forehead of our love, andhas looked upon it with his dimmer eyes.
And in the fair garden shrivelled by July, theflowers, the groves and the living leaves havelet fall something of their fervid strength onto the pale pond and the gentle paths. Here andthere, the sun, harsh and envious, marks a hardshadow around his light.
And yet the hollyhocks still persist in theirgrowth towards their final splendour, and theseasons weigh upon our life in vain; more thanever, all the roots of our two hearts plungeunsatiated into happiness, and clutch, and sinkdeeper.
Oh! these hours of afternoon girt with roses thattwine around time, and rest against his benumbedflanks with cheeks aflower and aflame!
And nothing, nothing is better than to feel thus,still happy and serene, after how many years?But if our destiny had been quite different, andwe had both been called upon to suffer--eventhen!--oh! I should have been happy to live anddie, without complaining, in my stubborn love.
Roses of June, you the fairest with your heartstransfixed by the sun; violent and tranquilroses, like a delicate flock of birds settled onthe branches;
Roses of June and July, upright and new, mouthsand kisses that suddenly move or grow still withthe coming and going of the wind, caress ofshadow and gold on the restless garden;
Roses of mute ardour and gentle will, roses ofvoluptuousness in your mossy sheaths, you whospend the days of high summer loving each otherin the brightness;
Fresh, glowing, magnificent roses, all our roses,oh! that, like you, our manifold desires, in ourdear weariness or trembling pleasure, might loveand exalt each other and rest!
If other flowers adorn the house and thesplendour of the countryside, the pure pondsshine still in the grass with the great eyes ofwater of their mobile face.
Who can say from what far-off and unknowndistances so many new birds have come with sun ontheir wings?
In the garden, April has given way to July, andthe blue tints to the great carnation tints;space is warm and the wind frail; a thousandinsects glisten joyously in the air; and summerpasses in her robe of diamonds and sparks.
The darkness is lustral and the dawn iridescent.From the lofty branch whence a bird flies, thedew-drops fall.
A lucid and frail purity adorns a morning sobright that prisms seem to gleam in the air. Aspring babbles; a noise of wings is heard.
Oh! how beautiful are your eyes at that firsthour when our silver ponds shimmer in the lightand reflect the day that is rising. Your foreheadis radiant and your blood beats.
Intense and wholesome life in all its divinestrength enters your bosom so completely, like adriving happiness, that to contain its anguishand its fury, your hands suddenly take mine, andpress them almost fearfully against your heart.
I bring you this evening, as an offering, my joyat having plunged my body into the silk and goldof the frank and joyous wind and the gorgeoussun; my feet are bright with having walked amongthe grasses; my hands sweet with having touchedthe heart of flowers; my eyes shining at havingfelt the tears suddenly well up and spring intothem before the earth in festival and its eternalstrength.
Space has carried me away drunken and ferventand sobbing in its arms of moving brightness;and I have passed I know not where, far away inthe distance, with pent-up cries set free by myfootsteps.
I bring you life and the beauty of the plainsbreathe them on me in a good, frank breath; themarjoram has caressed my fingers, and the air andits light and its perfumes are in my flesh.
Let us both sit down on the old worm-eaten benchnear the path; and let my hand remain a longwhile within your two steadfast hands.
With my hand that remains a long while givenup to the sweet consciousness of being on yourknees, my heart also, my earnest, gentle heart,seems to rest between your two kind hands.
And we share an intense joy and a deep love tofeel that we are so happy together, without oneover-strong word to come trembling to our lips,or one kiss even to go burning towards your brow.
And we would prolong the ardour of this silenceand the stillness of our mute desires, were itnot that suddenly, feeling them quiver, I clasptightly, without willing it, your thinking hands;
Your hands in which my whole happiness is hidden,and which would never, for anything in the world,deal violently with those deep things we live by,although in duty we do not speak of them.
Gently, more gently still, cradle my head in yourarms, my fevered brow and my weary eyes;
Gently, more gently still, kiss my lips, andsay to me those words that are sweeter at eachdawn when your voice repeats them, and you havesurrendered, and I love you still.
The day rises sullen and heavy; the night wascrossed by monstrous dreams; the rain and itslong hair whip our casement, and the horizon isblack with clouds of grief.
Gently, more gently still, cradle my head in yourarms, my fevered brow and my weary eyes; you aremy hopeful dawn, with its caress in your handsand its light in your sweet words;
See, I am re-born, without pain or shock, to thedaily labour that traces its mark on my road,and instils into my life the will to be a weaponof strength and beauty in the golden grasp of anhonoured life.
In the house chosen by our love as itsbirth-place, with its cherished furniturepeopling the shadows and the nooks, where we livetogether, having as sole witnesses the roses thatwatch us through the windows,
Certain days stand out of so great a consolation,certain hours of summer so lovely in theirsilence, that sometimes I stop time that swingswith its golden disc in the oaken clock.
Then the hour, the day, the night is so much oursthat the happiness that hovers lightly over ushears nothing but the throbbing of your heart andmine that are brought close together by a suddenembrace.
The pleasant task with the window open and theshadow of the green leaves and the passage ofthe sun on the ruddy paper, maintains the gentleviolence of its silence in our good and pensivehouse.
And the flowers bend nimbly and the large fruitsshine from branch to branch, and the blackbirds,the bullfinches and the chaffinches sing andsing, so that my verses may burst forth clear andfresh, pure and true, like their songs, theirgolden flesh and their scarlet petals.
And I see you pass in the garden, sometimesmingled with the sun and shadow; but your headdoes not turn, so that the hour in which I workjealousy at these frank and gentle poems may notbe disturbed.
In the depth of our love dwells all faith; webind up a glowing thought together with the leastthings: the awakening of a bud, the decline of arose, the flight of a frail and beautiful birdthat, by turns, appears or disappears in theshadow or the light.
A nest falling to pieces on the mossy edge ofa roof and ravaged by the wind fills the mindwith dread. An insect eating the heart of thehollyhocks terrifies: all is fear, all is hope.
Though reason with its sharp and soothing snowmay suddenly cool these charming pangs, whatmatters! Let us accept them without inquiringovermuch into the false, the true, the evil orthe good they portend;
Let us be happy that we can be as children,believing in their fatal or triumphant power, andlet us guard with closed shutters against toosensible people.
Dawn, darkness, evening, space and the stars;that which the night conceals or shows betweenits veils is mingled with the fervour of ourexalted being. Those who live with love live witheternity.
It matters not that their reason approve orscoff, and, upright on its high walls, hold outto them, along the quays and harbours, its brighttorches; they are the travellers from beyond thesea.
Far off, farther than the ocean and its blackfloods, they watch the day break from shore toshore; fixed certainty and trembling hope presentthe same front to their ardent gaze.
Happy and serene, they believe eagerly; theirsoul is the deep and sudden brightness with whichthey burn the summit of the loftiest problems;and to know the world, they but scrutinizethemselves.
They follow distant roads chosen by themselves,living with the truths enclosed within theirsimple, naked eyes, that are deep and gentle asthe dawn; and for them alone there is still songin paradise.
This is the holy hour when the lamp is lit:everything is calm and comforting this evening;and the silence is such that you could hear thefalling of feathers.
This is the holy hour when gently the belovedcomes, like the breeze or smoke, most gently,most slowly. At first, she says nothing--and Ilisten; and I catch a glimpse of her soul, thatI hear wholly, shining and bursting forth; and Ikiss her on the eyes.
This is the holy hour when the lamp is lit, whenthe acknowledgment of mutual love the whole daylong is brought forth from the depths of our deepbut transparent heart.
And we each tell the other of the simplestthings: the fruit gathered in the garden, theflower that has opened between the green mosses;and the thought that has sprung from somesudden emotion at the memory of a faded word ofaffection found at the bottom of an old drawer ona letter of yesteryear.
The dead kisses of departed years have put theirseal on your face, and, beneath the melancholyand furrowing wind of age, many of the roses inyour features have faded.
I see your mouth and your great eyes glow no morelike a morning of festival, nor your head slowlyrecline in the black and massive garden of yourhair.
Your dear hands, that remain so gentle, approachno more as in former years with light at theirfinger-tips to caress my forehead, as dawn themosses.
Your young and lovely body that I adorned withmy thoughts has no longer the pure freshness ofdew, and your arms are no longer like the brightbranches.
Alas! everything falls and fades ceaselessly;everything has changed, even your voice; yourbody has collapsed like a pavise, and let fallthe victories of youth.
But nevertheless my steadfast and earnest heartsays to you: what are to me the years madeheavier day by day, since I know that nothing inthe world will disturb our exalted life, and thatour soul is too profound for love still to dependon beauty?
For fifteen years our thoughts have run together,and our fine and serene ardour has vanquishedhabit, the dull-voiced shrew whose slow, roughhands wear out the most stubborn and thestrongest love.
I look at you and I discover you each day, sointimate is your gentleness or your pride: timeindeed obscures the eyes of your beauty, but itexalts your heart, whose golden depths peep open.
Artlessly, you allow yourself to be probed andknown, and your soul always appears fresh andnew; with gleaming masts, like an eager caravel,our happiness covers the seas of our desires.
It is in us alone that we anchor our faith, tonaked sincerity and simple goodness; we moveand live in the brightness of a joyous andtranslucent trust.
Your strength is to be infinitely pure and frail;to cross with burning heart all dark roads, andto have preserved, in spite of mist or darkness,all the rays of the dawn in your childlike soul.
I thought our joy benumbed for ever, like asun faded before it was night, on the day thatillness with its leaden arms dragged me heavilytowards its chair of weariness.
The flowers and the garden were fear or deceptionto me; my eyes suffered to see the white noonsflaming, and my two hands, my hands, seemed,before their time, too tired to hold captive ourtrembling happiness.
My desires had become no more than evil weeds;they bit at each other like thistles in the wind;I felt my heart to be at once ice and burningcoal and of a sudden dried up and stubborn inforgiveness.
But you said the word that gently comforts,seeking it nowhere else than in your immenselove; and I lived with the fire of your word, andat night warmed myself at it until the dawn ofday.
The diminished man I felt myself to be, both tomyself and all others, did not exist for you; yougathered flowers for me from the window-sill,and, with your faith, I believed in health.
And you brought to me, in the folds of your gown,the keen air, the wind of the fields and forests,and the perfumes of evening or the scents ofdawn, and, in your fresh and deep-felt kisses,the sun.
Everything that lives about us in the fragile andgentle light, frail grasses, tender branches,hollyhocks, and the shadow that brushes themlightly by, and the wind that knots them, and thesinging and hopping birds that swarm riotouslyin the sun like clusters of jewels,-- everythingthat lives in the fine ruddy garden loves usartlessly, and we--we love everything.
We worship the lilies we see growing; and thetall sunflowers, brighter than the Nadir--circles surrounded by petals of flames--burn oursouls through their glow.
The simplest flowers, the phlox and the lilac,grow along the walls among the feverfew, to benearer to our footsteps; and the involuntaryweeds in the turf over which we have passed opentheir eyes wet with dew.
And we live thus with the flowers and the grass,simple and pure, glowing and exalted, lost in ourlove, like the sheaves in the gold of the corn,and proudly allowing the imperious summer topierce our bodies, our hearts and our two willswith its full brightness.
Because you came one day so simply along thepaths of devotion and took my life into yourbeneficent hands, I love and praise and thank youwith my senses, with my heart and brain, with mywhole being stretched like a torch towards yourunquenchable goodness and charity.
Since that day, I know what love, pure and brightas the dew, falls from you on to my calmed soul.I feel myself yours by all the burning ties thatattach flames to their fire; all my body, all mysoul mounts towards you with tireless ardour; Inever cease to brood on your deep earnestness andyour charm, so much so that suddenly I feel myeyes fill deliciously with unforgettable tears.
And I make towards you, happy and calm, with theproud desire to be for ever the most steadfast ofjoys to you. All our affection flames about us;every echo of my being responds to your call; thehour is unique and sanctified with ecstasy, andmy fingers are tremulous at the mere touching ofyour forehead, as though they brushed the wing ofyour thoughts.
On days of fresh and tranquil health, when lifeis as fine as a conquest, the pleasant task sitsdown by my side like an honoured friend.
He comes from gentle, radiant countries, withwords brighter than the dews, in which to set,illuminating them, our feelings and our thoughts.
He seizes our being in a mad whirlwind; he liftsup the mind on giant pilasters; he pours into itthe fire that makes the stars live; he brings thegift of being God suddenly.
And fevered transports and deep terrors-- allserves his tragic will to make young again theblood of beauty in the veins of the world.
I am at his mercy like a glowing prey.
Therefore, when I return, though wearied andheavy, to the repose of your love, with the firesof my vast and supreme idea, it seems to me--oh!but for a moment--that I am bringing to you inmy panting heart the heart-beat of the universeitself.
Out of the groves of sleep I came, somewhatmorose because I had left you beneath theirbranches and their braided shadows, far from theglad morning sun.
Already the phlox and the hollyhocks glisten, andI wander in the garden dreaming of verses clearas crystal and silver that would ring in thelight.
Then abruptly I return to you with so great afervour and emotion that it seems to me as thoughmy thought suddenly has already crossed from afarthe leafy and heavy darkness of sleep to callforth your joy and your awakening.
And when I join you once more in our warm housethat is still possessed by darkness and silence,my clear, frank kisses ring like a dawn-song inthe valleys of your flesh.
Alas! when the lead of illness flowed in mybenumbed veins with my heavy, sluggish blood,with my blood day by day heavier and moresluggish;
When my eyes, my poor eyes, followed peevishly onmy long, pale hands the fatal marks of insidiousmalady;
When my skin dried up like bark, and I had nolonger even strength enough to press my fierylips against your heart, and there kiss ourhappiness;
When sad and identical days morosely gnawed mylife, I might never have found the will and thestrength to hold out stoically,
Had you not, each hour of the so long weeks,poured into my daily body with your patient,gentle, placid hands the secret heroism thatflowed in yours.
Our bright garden is health itself.
It is squandered in its brightness from thethousand hands of the branches and leaves as theywave to and fro.
And the pleasant shade that welcomes our feetafter the long roads pours into our tired limbsa quickening strength, gentle as the garden'smosses.
When the pond plays with the wind and the sun, aruddy heart seems to dwell in the depths of thewater, and to beat, ardent and young, with theripples; and the tall, straight gladioli and theglowing roses that move in their splendour holdout their golden goblets of red blood at the endof their living stalks.
Our bright garden is health itself.
It was June in the garden, our hour and our day,and our eyes looked upon all things with sogreat a love that the roses seemed to us to opengently, and to see and love us.
The sky was purer than it had ever been: theinsects and birds floated in the gold andgladness of an air as frail as silk, and ourkisses were so exquisite that they gave an addedbeauty to the sunshine and the birds.
It was as though our happiness had suddenlybecome azure, and required the whole sky whereinto shine; through gentle openings, all lifeentered our being, to expand it.
And we were nothing but invocatory cries, andwild raptures, and vows and entreaties, and theneed, suddenly, to recreate the gods, in order tobelieve.
The gift of yourself no longer satisfies you; youare prodigal of yourself: the rapture that bearsyou on to ever greater love springs up in youceaselessly and untiringly, and carries you everhigher towards the wide heaven of perfect love.
A clasp of the hands, a gentle look impassionsyou; and your heart appears to me so suddenlylovely that I am afraid sometimes of your eyesand your lips, and that I am unworthy and thatyou love me too much.
Ah! these bright ardours of an affection toolofty for a poor human being who has only a poorheart, all moist with regrets, all thorny withfaults, to feel their passing and dissolve intears.
Oh! the calm summer garden where nothing moves!Unless it be, near the middle of the bright andradiant pond, the goldfish like tongues of fire.
They are our memories playing in our thoughtsthat are calm and stilled and limpid, like thetrustful and restful water.
And the water brightens and the fishes leap atthe abrupt and marvellous sun, not far from thegreen irises and the white shells and stones,motionless about the ruddy edges.
And it is sweet to watch them thus come and goin the freshness and splendour that touches themlightly, careless and without fear that theywill bring from the depths to the surface otherregrets than fleeting.
As with others, an hour has its ill-humour: thepeevish hour or a malevolent humour has sometimesstamped our hearts with its black seals; and yet,in spite of all, even at the close of the darkestdays, never have our hearts said the irrevocablewords.
A radiant and glowing sincerity was our joy andcounsel, and our passionate soul found thereinever new strength, as in a ruddy flood.
And we recounted each to the other ourwretchedest woes, telling them like some harshrosary, as we stood facing one another, with ourlove rising in sobs; and our two mouths, at eachavowal, gently and in turn kissed our faults onthe lips that uttered them aloud.
Thus, very simply, without baseness or bitterwords, we escaped from the world and fromourselves, sparing ourselves all grief andgnawing cares, and watching the rebirth of oursoul, as the purity of glass and gold of awindow-pane is reborn after the rain, when thesun warms it and gently dries it.
The golden barks of lovely summer that set out,riotous for space, are returning sad and wearyfrom the blood-stained horizons.
With monotonous strokes of the oars, they advanceupon the waters; they are as cradles in whichsleep autumn flowers.
Stalks of lilies with golden brows, you all lieoverthrown; alone, the roses struggle to livebeyond death.
What matters to their full beauty that Octobershine or April: their simple and puerile desiredrinks all light until the blood comes.
Even on the blackest days, when the sky dies,they strive towards Christmas, beneath a harshand haggard cloud, the moment the first ray dartsthrough.
You, our souls, do as they; they have not thepride of the lilies; but within their folds theyguard a holy and immortal ardour.
Ardour of senses, ardour of hearts, ardour ofsouls, vain words created by those who diminishlove; sun, you do not distinguish among yourflames those of evening, of dawn, or of noon!
You walk blinded by your own light in the torridazure under the great arched skies, knowingnothing, unless it be that your strength isall-powerful and that your fire labours at thedivine mysteries.
For love is an act of ceaseless exaltation. O youwhose gentleness bathes my proud heart, what needto weigh the pure gold of our dream? I love youaltogether, with my whole being.
The still beauty of summer evenings on thegreenswards where they lie outspread holds out tous, without empty gesture or words, a symbol ofrest in gladness.
Young morning and its tricks has gone away withthe breezes; noon itself and the velvet skirtsof its warm winds, of its heavy winds, no longersweeps the torrid plain; and this is the hourwhen, without a branch's moving or a pond'sruffling its waters, the evening slowly comesfrom the tops of the mountains and takes its seatin the garden.
O the infinite golden flatness of the waters, andthe trees and their shadows on the reeds, andthe calm and sumptuous silence in whose stillpresence we so greatly delight that we desire tolive with it always or to die of it and reviveby it, like two imperishable hearts tirelesslydrunken with brightness.
You said to me, one evening, words so beautifulthat doubtless the flowers that leaned towards ussuddenly loved us, and one among them, in orderto touch us both, fell upon our knees.
You spoke to me of a time nigh at hand when ouryears like over-ripe fruit would be ready for thegathering, how the knell of destiny would ringout, and how we should love each other, feelingourselves growing old.
Your voice enfolded me like a dear embrace, andyour heart burned so quietly beautiful, that atthat moment I could have seen without fear thebeginning of the tortuous roads that lead to thetomb.
"Hours of bright morning," "Hours of afternoon,"hours that stand out superbly and gently, whosedance lengthens along our warm garden-paths,saluted at passing by our golden rose-trees;summer is dying and autumn coming in.
Hours girt with blossom, will you ever return?
Yet, if destiny, that wields the stars, spares usits pains, its blows and its disasters, perhapsone day you will return, and, before my eyes,interweave in measure your radiant steps;
And I will mingle with your glowing, gentledance, winding in shade and sun over the lawns--like a last, immense and supreme hope--thesteps and farewells of my "hours of evening."THE HOURS OF EENING
Dainty flowers, like a froth of foam, grew alongthe borders of our paths; the wind fell and theair seemed to brush your hands and hair withplumes.
The shade was kindly to us as we walked in stepbeneath the leafage; a child's song reached usfrom a village, and filled all the infinite.
Our ponds were outspread in their autumnsplendour under the guard of the long reeds, andthe lofty, swaying crown on the woods' fine browwas mirrored in the waters.
And both knowing that our hearts were broodingtogether on the same thought, we reflected thatit was our calmed life that was revealed to us inthis lovely evening.
For one supreme moment, you saw the festival skydeck itself out and say farewell to us; and for along, long while you gave it your eyes filled tothe brim with mute caresses.
If it were true that a garden flower or a meadowtree could keep some memory of lovers of othertimes who admired them in their bloom or theirvigour, our love in this hour of long regretwould come and entrust to the rose or erectin the oak, before the approach of death, itssweetness or its strength.
Thus it would survive, victor over funereal care,in the tranquil godship conferred on it by simplethings; it would still enjoy the pure brightnesscast on life by a summer dawn and the soft rainhanging to the leaves.
And if on a fine evening, out of the depths ofthe plain, a couple came along, holding hands,the oak would stretch out its broad and powerfulshade like a wing over their path, and the rosewould waft them its frail perfume.
The wistaria is faded and the hawthorn dead; butthis is the season of the heather in flower, andon this calm and gentle evening the caressingwind brings you the perfumes of poor Campine.
Love them and breathe them in while brooding overits fate; its soil is bare and harsh and the windwars on it; pools make their holes in it; thesand preys on it, and the little left to it, ityet gives.
Once in autumn, we lived with it, with its plainand its woods, with its rain and its sky, even toDecember when the Christmas angels crossed itslegend with mighty strokes of their wings.
Your heart became more steadfast there, simplerand more human; we loved the people of its oldvillages, and the women who spoke to us of theirgreat age and of spinning-wheels fallen from use,worn out by their hands.
Our calm house on the misty heath was bright tolook upon and ready in its welcome; and dear tous were its roof and its door and its thresholdand its hearth blackened by the smoky peat.
When night spread out its total splendour overthe vast and pale and innumerable somnolence, thesilence taught us lessons, the glow of which oursoul has never forgotten.
Because we felt more lonely in the vast plain,the dawns and the evenings sank more deeplyinto us; our eyes were franker, our hearts weregentler and filled to the brim with the fervourof the world.
We found happiness by not asking for it; even thesadness of the days was good for us, and the fewsun-rays of that end of autumn gladdened us allthe more because they seemed weak and tired.
The wistaria is faded and the hawthorn dead; butthis is the season of the heather in flower. Thisevening, remember, and let the caressing windbring you the perfumes of poor Campine.
Draw up your chair near mine, and stretch yourhands out towards the hearth that I may seebetween your fingers the old flame burning; andwatch the fire quietly with your eyes that fearno light, that they may be for me still frankerwhen a quick and flashing ray strikes to theirdepths, illuminating them.
Oh! how beautiful and young still our life iswhen the clock rings out with its golden tone,and, coming closer, I brush you lightly and touchyou, and a slow and gentle fever that neitherdesires to allay leads the sure and wondrouskiss from the hands to the forehead and from theforehead to the lips.
How I love you then, my bright beloved, in yourwelcoming, gently swooning body, that encirclesme in its turn and dissolves me in its gladness!Everything becomes dearer to me--your mouth, yourarms, your kindly breasts where my poor, tiredforehead will lie quietly near your heart afterthe moment of riotous pleasure that you grant me.
For I love you still better after the sensualhour, when your goodness, still more steadfastand maternal, makes for me a soft repose,following sharp ardour, and when, after desirehas cried out its violence, I hear approachingour regular happiness with steps so gentle thatthey are but silence.
Be once more merciful and cheering to us, light,pale brightness of winter that will bathe ourbrows when of an afternoon we both go into thegarden to breathe in one last warmth.
We loved you long ago with so great a pride, withso great a love springing from our hearts, thatone supreme and gentle and kindly flame is due tous at this hour when grief awaits us.
You are that which no man ever forgets, from theday when you first struck his victorious arms,and when, on the coming of evening, you slept inhis eyes with your dead splendour and vanquishedstrength.
And for us you were always the visible fervourthat, being everywhere diffused and shining infevers of deep and stinging ardour, seemed tostart for the infinite from our heart.
Alas! the days of the crimson phlox and of theproud roses that brightened its gates are faraway, but however faded and withered it maybe--what matters!--I love our garden still withall my heart.
Its distress is sometimes dearer and sweeter tome than was its gladness in the burning summerdays. Oh! the last perfume slowly rendered up byits last flower on its last mosses!
I wandered this evening among its windingpathways, to touch with my earnest fingers allits plants; and falling on my knees amid thetrembling grasses, I gave a long kiss to its dampand heavy soil.
And now let it die, and the mist and night comeand spread over all; all my being seems tohave entered into our garden's ruin, and, byunderstanding its death, I shall learn to know myown.
The evening falls, the moon is golden.
Before the day ends, go gaily into the garden andpluck with your gentle hands the few flowers thathave not yet bowed sadly towards the earth.
Though their leaves may be wan, what matters! Iadmire them and you love them, and their petalsare beautiful, in spite of all, on the stalksthat bear them.
And you went away into the distance among thebox-trees, along a monotonous path, and thenosegay that you plucked trembled in your handand suddenly quivered; and then your dreamingfingers devoutly gathered together theseglimmering autumn roses and wove them with tearsinto a pale and bright and supple crown.
The last light lit up your eyes, and your longstep became sad and silent.
And slowly in the twilight you returned withempty hands to the house, leaving not far fromour door, on a damp, low hillock, the whitecircle that your fingers had formed.
And I understood then that in the weary gardenwherethrough the winds will soon pass likesquadrons, you desired for the last time to adornwith flowers our youth that lies there dead.
When your hand, on an evening of the sluggishmonths, commits to the odorous cupboards thefruits of your orchard, I seem to see you calmlyarranging our old perfumed and sweet-tastingmemories.
And my relish for them returns, as it was informer years in the gold and the sun and withthe wind on my lips; and then I see a thousandmoments done and gone, and their gladness andtheir laughter and their cries and their fevers.
The past reawakens with so great a desire to bethe present still, with its life and strength,that the hardly extinguished fires suddenly burnmy body, and my heart rejoices to the point ofswooning.
O beautiful luminous fruits in these autumnshadows, jewels fallen from the heavy necklaceof russet summer, splendours that light up ourmonotonous hours, what a ruddy and spaciousawakening you stir up in us!
And now that the lofty leaves have fallen, thatkept our garden sheltered beneath their shade,through the bare branches can be seen beyond themthe roofs of the old villages climbing towardsthe horizon.
So long as summer poured out its gladness, noneof us saw them grouped so near our door; but nowthat the flowers and the leaves are withered, weoften brood on them with gentle thoughts.
Other people live there between stone walls,behind a worn threshold protected by a coping,having as sole friends but the wind and the rainand the lamp shining with its friendly light.
In the darkness at the fall of evening, when thefire awakens and the clock in which time swingsis hushed, doubtless, as much as we, they lovethe silence, to feel themselves thinking throughtheir eyes.
Nothing disturbs for them or for us those hoursof deep and quiet and tender intimacy wherein themoment that was is blessed for having been, andof which the coming hour is always the best.
Indeed, how they also clench the old happiness,made up of pain and joy, within their tremblinghands; they know each other's bodies that havegrown old together, and each other's looks wornout by the same sorrows.
The roses of their life, they love them faded,with their dead glory and their last perfume andthe heavy memory of their dead brightness fallingaway, leaf by leaf, in the garden of the years.
Against black winter, like hermits, they staycrouching within their human fervour, and nothingdisheartens them and nothing leads them tocomplain of the days they no longer possess.
Oh! the quiet people in the depths of oldvillages! Indeed, do we not feel them neighboursof our heart! And do we not find in their eyesour tears and in their courage our strength andardour!
They are there beneath their roof, seatedaround fires, or lingering sometimes at theirwindow-sill; and on this evening of spacious,floating wind, perhaps they have thought of uswhat we think of them.
When the starry sky covers our dwelling, we hushfor hours before its intense and gentle fire,so that we may feel a greater and more ferventstirring within us.
The great silver stars follow their courses highup in the heavens; beneath the flames and thegleams, night spreads out its depths, and thecalm is so great that the ocean listens!
But what matters even the hushing of the sea, ifin the brightness and immensity of space, full ofinvisible violence, our hearts beat so stronglythat they make all the silence?
With the same love that you were for me long agoa garden of splendour whose wavering coppicesshaded the long grass and the docile roses,you are for me in these black days a calm andsteadfast sanctuary.
All is centred there: your fervour and yourbrightness and your movements assembling theflowers of your goodness; but all is drawntogether closely in a deep peace against thesharp winds piercing the winter of the world.
My happiness keeps warm there within your foldedarms; your pretty, artless words, in theirgladness and familiarity, sing still with asgreat a charm to my ears as in the days of thewhite lilac or of the red currants.
Oh! I feel your gay and shining cheerfulnesstriumphing day by day over the sorrow of theyears, and you yourself smile at the silverthreads that slip their waving network into yourglossy hair.
When your head bends to my deep-felt kiss, whatdoes it matter to me that your brow is furrowed,and that your hands are becoming ridged with hardveins when I hold them between my two steadfasthands!
You never complain, and you believe firmly thatnothing true dies when love receives its meed,and that the living fire on which our soul feedsconsumes even grief to increase its flame.
The flowers of bright welcome along the wallawait us no longer when we go indoors, and oursilken ponds whose smooth waters chafe lieoutstretched no more beneath pure, soft skies.
All the birds have fled our monotonous plains,and pallid fogs float over the marshes. O thosetwo cries: autumn, winter! winter, autumn! Do youhear the dead wood falling in the forest?
No more is our garden the husband of light,whence the phlox were seen springing towardstheir glory; our fiery gladioli are mingled withthe earth, and have lain down in their length todie.
Everything is nerveless and void of beauty;everything is flameless and passes and flees andbends and sinks down unsupported. Oh! give meyour eyes lit up by your soul that I may seek inthem in spite of all a corner of the old sky.
In them alone our light lives still, the lightthat covered all the garden long ago, when itexulted with the white pride of our lilies andthe climbing ardour of our hollyhocks.
When the fine snow with its sparkling grainssilts over our threshold, I hear your footstepswander and stop in the neighbouring room.
You withdraw the bright and fragile mirror fromits place by the window, and your bunch ofkeys dances along the drawer of the beech-woodwardrobe.
I listen, and you are poking the fire andarousing the embers; and you are arranging aboutthe silent walls the silence of the chairs.
You remove the fleeting dust from the workbasketwith the narrow feet, and your ring strikes andresounds on the quivering sides of a wine-glass.
And I am more happy than ever this evening atyour tender presence, and at feeling you near andnot seeing you and ever hearing you.
If fate has saved us from commonplace errors andfrom vile untruth and from sorry shams, it isbecause all constraint that might have bowed ourdouble fervour revolted us.
You went your way, free and frank and bright,mingling with the flowers of love the flowers ofyour will, and gently lifting up towards yourselfits lofty spirit when my brow was bent towardsfear or doubt.
And you were always kind and artless in youracts, knowing that my heart was for ever yours;for if I loved--do I now know?--some other woman,it is to your heart that I always returned.
Your eyes were then so pure in their tears thatmy being was stirred to sincerity and truth; andI repeated to you holy and gentle words, and yourweapons were sadness and forgiveness.
And in the evening I lulled my head to sleep onyour bright bosom, happy at having returned fromfalse and dim distances to the fragrant springthat bore sway in us, and I remained a captive inyour open arms.
No, my heart has never tired of you.
In the time of June, long ago, you said to me:"If I knew, friend, if I knew that my presenceone day might be a burden to you-- with my poorheart and sorrowful thoughts, I would go away, nomatter where."
And gently your forehead rose towards my kiss.
And you said to me again: "Bonds loosen alwaysand life is so full, and what matters if thechain is golden that ties to the same ring inport our two human barks!"
And gently your tears revealed to me your grief.
And you said and you said again: "Let usseparate, let us separate before the evil days;our life has been too lofty to drag it triviallyfrom fault to fault."
And you fled and you fled, and my two handsdesperately held you back.
No, my heart has never tired of you.
How happy we are still and proud of living whenthe least ray of sunshine glimpsed in the heavenslights up for a moment the poor flowers of rimethat the hard and delicate frost engraved on ourwindow-panes.
Rapture leaps in us and hope carries us away, andour old garden appears to us again, in spite ofits long paths strewn with dead branches, livingand pure and bright and full of golden gleams.
Something shining and undaunted, I know not what,creeps into our blood; and in the quick kissesthat, ardently, frantically, we give each other,we re-embody the immensity and fulness of summer.
Shall we suffer, alas! the dead weight of theyears until at length we are no more than twoquiet people, exchanging the harmless kisses ofchildren at evening when the fire flames in thehollow of the chimney?
Shall our dear furniture see us drag ourselveswith slow steps from the hearth to the beechenchest, support ourselves by the wall to reach thewindow, and huddle our tottering bodies on heavyseats?
If our wreck is to appear one day in such guise,while numbness deadens our brains and our arms,we shall not bemoan, in spite of evil fate, andwe shall hold our tears pent up in our breasts.
For even so, we shall still keep our eyes withwhich to gaze on the day that follows night, andto see the dawn and the sun shed their radianceon life, and make a wonderful object of theearth.
The small happenings, the thousand nothings, aletter, a date, a humble anniversary, a word saidonce again as in days long ago uplift your heartand mine in these long evenings.
And we celebrate for ourselves these simplethings, and we count and recount our oldtreasures, so that the little of us that we stillkeep may remain steadfast and brave before thesullen hour.
And more than is fitting, we show ourselvessolicitous of these poor, gentle, kindly joysthat sit down on the bench near the flaming firewith winter flowers on their thin knees.
And they take from the chest where their goodnesshides it the bright bread of happiness that wasallotted to us, and of which Love in our househas so long eaten that he loves it even to thecrumbs.
Come even to our threshold, scattering yourwhite ash, O peaceful, slowly falling snow: thelime-tree in the garden holds all its branchesbowed, and the light calandra dissolves in thesky no longer.
O snow, who warm and protect the barely risingcorn with the moss and wool that you spread fromplain to plain! Silent snow, the gentle friend ofthe houses asleep in the calm of morning:
Cover our roof and lightly touch our windows, andsuddenly enter by the door over the thresholdwith your pure flakes and your dancing flames,
O snow, luminous through our soul, snow, who alsowarm our last dreams like the rising corn!
When our bright garden was gay with all itsflowers, the regret at having shrunk our heartssprang from our lips in moments of passion; andforgiveness, offered but deserved always, andthe exaggerated display of our wretchedness andso many tears moistening our sad, sincere eyesuplifted our love.
But in these months of heavy rain, wheneverything huddles together and makes itselfsmall, when brightness itself tires of thrustingback shadow and night, our soul is no longervibrant and strong enough to confess our faultswith rapture.
We tell them in slow speech; in truth, withaffection still, but at the fall of the eveningand no longer at dawn; sometimes even we countthem on our ten fingers like things that wenumber and arrange in the house, and to lessentheir folly or their number we debate them.
With my old hands lifted to your forehead,during your brief sleep by the black hearth thisevening, I part your hair, and I kiss the fervourof your eyes hidden beneath your long lashes.
Oh! the sweet affection of this day's end! Myeyes follow the years that have completed theircourse, and suddenly your life appears so perfectin them that my love is moved by a touchingrespect.
And as in the time when you were my betrothed,the desire comes back to me again in all itsardour to fall on my knees, and with fingers aschaste as my thoughts to touch the place whereyour gentle heart beats.
If our hearts have burned in uplifting days witha love as bright as it was lofty, age now makesus slack and indulgent and mild before our faults.
You no longer make us greater, O youthful will,with your unsubdued ardour, and our life iscoloured now with gentle calm and pale kindliness.
We are at the setting of your sun, love, and wemask our weakness with the common-place words andpoor speeches of an empty, tardy wisdom.
Oh! how sad and shameful would the future be forus if from our winter and our mistiness theredid not break out like a torch the memory of thehigh-spirited souls we once were.
In this rugged winter when the floating sunfounders on the horizon like a heavy wreck, Ilove to say your name, with its slow, solemntone, as the clock echoes with the deep strokesof time.
And the more I say it, the more ravished is myvoice, so much so that from my lips it descendsinto my heart and awakens in me a more glowinghappiness than the sweetest words I have spokenin my life.
And before the new dawn or the evening fallingto sleep, I repeat it with my voice that is everthe same, but oh! with what strength and supremeardour shall I pronounce it at the hour of death!
Perhaps, when my last day comes, perhaps, if onlyfor a moment, a frail and quavering sun willstoop down at my window.
My hands then, my poor faded hands, will even sobe gilded once again by his glory; he will touchmy mouth and my forehead a last time with hisslow, bright, deep kiss; and the pale, but stillproud flowers of my eyes will return his lightbefore they close.
Sun, have I not worshipped your strength and yourbrightness! My torrid, gentle art, in its supremeachievement has held you captive in the heart ofmy poems; like a field of ripe wheat that surgesin the summer wind, this page and that of mybooks confers life on you and exhalts you:
O Sun, who bring forth and deliver, O immensefriend of whom our pride has need, be it that atthe new, solemn and imperious hour when my oldhuman heart will be heavy under the proof, youwill come once more to visit it and witness.
Oh! how gentle are your hands and their slowcaress winding about my neck and gliding over mybody, when I tell you at the fall of evening howmy strength grows heavy day by day with the leadof my weakness!
You do not wish me to become a shadow and a wrecklike those who go towards the darkness, eventhough they carry a laurel in their mournfulhands and fame sleeping in their hollow chest.
Oh! how you soften the law of time for me, andhow comforting and generous to me is your dream;for the first time, with an untruth you lull myheart, that forgives you and thanks you for it,
Well knowing, nevertheless, that all ardour isvain against all that is and all that must be,and that, by finishing in your eyes my fine humanlife, may perhaps be found a deep happiness.
When you have closed my eyes to the light, kissthem with a long kiss, for they will have givenyou in the last look of their last fervour theutmost passionate love.
Beneath the still radiance of the funeral torch,bend down towards the farewell in them your sadand beautiful face, so that the only image theywill keep in the tomb may be imprinted on themand may endure.
And let me feel, before the coffin is nailed up,our hands meet once again on the pure, white bed,and your cheek rest one last time against myforehead on the pale cushions.
And let me afterwards go far away with my heart,which will preserve so fiery a love for you thatthe other dead will feel its glow even throughthe compact, dead earth!